hi guys so today I'm going to be
teaching you how to make pasta e fagioli
this is a copycat of Olive Garden's
recipe and it is delicious
to start off with you're going to need 1
pound of sweet Italian pork sausage that
is already browned and cooked 4 cups of
chicken stock 1 15 ounce can of diced
tomatoes I'm using the Italian style 1
15 ounce can of tomato sauce 1
tablespoon oregano 1 teaspoon of thyme 1
cup of chopped carrots 1 cup of chopped
celery one cup of chopped onions 1/4 cup
of olive oil there cloves of minced
garlic 1 15 ounce can of dark red kidney
beans 1 15 ounce can of light red kidney
beans 1 15 ounce can of great northern
beans and 2 cups are slightly
undercooked Italy new pasta first set
your heat to medium and then get a big
pot and dump your 4 cups of chicken
stock in it next take your can of tomato
sauce and dump it in the pot and I like
turns my can out with water and dump
that water into the pot as well add your
diced tomatoes to the pot and then add
your 1 pound of ground pork sausage next
add your 1 tablespoon of oregano and 1
teaspoon of thyme to your pot
after all of your ingredients are in the
pot give it a good nice stir and then
you're going to saute the carrots onion
celery and garlic and another pan on
medium heat so add all of these
ingredients and add some olive oil and
you're just going to saute these for
about five minutes or until the onions
are nice and translucent
after your carrot celery onion and
garlic are all sauteed you're going to
add them to your big pot of soup and
you're going to want to stir this and
then cover it with a lid and you're
going to want it to simmer for about 15
to 20 minutes or until the celery are
nice and tender
after the 15 to 20 minutes is up remove
the lid and add your beans you're going
to want to rinse and drain these beans
out of the can and then you're going to
add in your pasta and again this should
be slightly undercooked so that way when
you add it into your really hot soup it
cooks it just a little bit more but it
doesn't get the pasta to soggy so just
stir it up until it's nice and mixed so
there you have it a nice huge pot of
pasta e fagioli I'm not trying to brag
or anything but I do think that this
recipe is actually a little bit better
than Olive Garden's
so if you like this video I want to see
more recipes hit subscribe below hit
thumbs up and let me know in the
comments below if you try this recipe
and how you liked it alright guys thanks
so much for watching bye